RX Library Software License Agreement

BEFORE PROCEEDING WITH THE INSTALLATION 
AND/OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, CAREFULLY
READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT AND LIMITED
WARRANTY (The "Agreement").

BY INSTALLING OR USING THIS SOFTWARE YOU
INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT OR AGREE
WITH THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL OR
USE THIS SOFTWARE!

PREAMBLE

The terms and conditions of the RX Library
Software License Agreement have one major
goal in mind; to foster a development 
community based around the RX components
library and associated source code.
RX Library does however reserve the right
as the sole distributor of the library 
source code. Hence although we encourage
you to change and modify the library to 
suit your needs, you may not distribute
derivative works based on the library
source code without express written 
permission from RX Library authors. 
Worthwhile changes and modifications to 
the libraries may be submitted to RX 
Library authors for integration into a
future release of the product.

LICENSE

This software, including documentation, 
source code, object code and/or additional
materials (the "Software") is owned by 
RXLib authors.
This Agreement does not provide you with 
title or ownership of Product, but only a
right of limited use as outlined in this 
license agreement. RX Library authors 
hereby grant you a non-exclusive, 
royalty free license to use the Software
as set forth below:

 . integrate the Software with your
   Applications, subject to the
   redistribution terms below.
 . modify or adapt the Software in whole
   or in part for the development of 
   Applications based on the Software.
 . use portions of the RX Library source
   code or RX Library Demo Programs in
   your own products and libraries.

REDISTRIBUTION RIGHTS

You are granted a non-exclusive, 
royalty-free right to reproduce and
redistribute executable files created
using the Software (the "Executable Code")
in conjunction with software products that
you develop and/or market (the 
"Applications"). 

RESTRICTIONS

Without the expressed, written consent of
RX Library authors, you may NOT:

 . distribute modified versions of the 
   Software, in whole or in part.
 . rent or lease the Software.
 . sell any portion of the Software on 
   its own, without integrating it into 
   your Applications as Executable Code.

SELECTION AND USE

You assume full responsibility for the
selection of the Software to achieve your
intended results and for the installation,
use and results obtained from the Software.

LIMITED WARRANTY

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES MERCHANTIBILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE 
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND 
PERFORMANCE OF THE PRODUCT IS WITH YOU. 
SHOULD THE PRODUCT PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU
ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING
OR ERROR CORRECTION.

RX LIBRARY AUTHORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT
THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE 
WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE 
OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE 
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.

No oral or written information given by 
RX Library shall create a warranty.

LIMITATION OF REMEDIES AND LIABILITY.

IN NO EVENT SHALL RX LIBRARY AUTHORS, OR
ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY HAVE DISTRIBUTED
THE SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR 
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA 
BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES 
SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR 
FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH 
ANY OTHER PRODUCTS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER 
OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

If you have any questions regarding this 
agreement, please contact RX Library 
authors at their e-mail addresses: 

  fkozh@iname.com
  igorp@mail.com
  korolev@usa.net

RX Library Web Site: http://www.rxlib.com
